SIMET Measurement Agent
Copyright (c) 2017-2019 NIC.br <medicoes@simet.nic.br>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License ("GPL") as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

In every case, additional terms to the GPL apply to this program and
any derivative works, as follows:


Additional terms

The following additional terms ("Additional Terms") supplement and
modify the GNU General Public License, Version 3 ("GPL") applicable to
this program, its Source, and any derivative works.  In addition to
the terms and conditions of the GPL, this program, its Source Code,
and any derivative works are subject to the further restrictions
below:

1. No trademark or publicity rights are granted.  This license does
NOT give you any right, title or interest in the SIMET or NIC.br
trademarks, or any other NIC.br trademark.  You may not distribute any
modification of this program using the SIMET or NIC.br trademarks, or
claim any affiliation or association with NIC.br, CGI.br, or its
employees.

2. Any propagation or conveyance of this program must include this
copyright notice and these terms.  If you convey this program (or any
modifications of it) and assume contractual liability for the program
to recipients of it, you agree to indemnify NIC.br for any liability
that those contractual assumptions impose on NIC.br.  You may not
misrepresent the origins of this program; modified versions of the
program must be marked as such and not identified as the original
program.

3. Replacement of Section 15. Section 15 of the GPL shall be deleted
in its entirety and replaced with the following:

"15. Disclaimer of Warranty.

THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESSED OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE AND MERCHANTABILITY.
THE PROGRAM IS BEING DELIVERED OR MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS", "WITH ALL
FAULTS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO
THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE
PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY
SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION."

4. Replacement of Section 16. Section 16 of the GPL shall be deleted
in its entirety and replaced with the following:

"16. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR ITS AFFILIATES,
OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MODIFIES AND/OR CONVEYS THE PROGRAM AS
PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, INCLUDING ANY
GENERAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR
PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE
PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING
RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), WHETHER OR
NOT ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR SUCH OTHER PARTY RECEIVES NOTICE OF ANY
SUCH DAMAGES AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH DAMAGES COULD HAVE BEEN
FORESEEN.

THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER AND ITS AFFILIATES, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO
MODIFIES AND/OR CONVEYS THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, DO NOT WARRANT
AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE PROGRAM; THAT THE
PROGRAM WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; THAT OPERATION OF THE PROGRAM
WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE PROGRAM WILL BE
COMPATIBLE WITH THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE OR THAT ANY ERRORS IN THE PROGRAM
WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN ADVICE PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER AND ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL
CREATE A WARRANTY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF OR
LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATIONS ON THE APPLICABLE
STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS
AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU."

5. LEGAL NOTICES; NO TRADEMARK LICENSE; ORIGIN. You must reproduce
faithfully all trademark, copyright and other proprietary and legal
notices on any copies of the Program or any other required author
attributions.  This license does not grant you rights to use any
copyright holder or any other partyâ€™s name, logo, or trademarks.
Neither the name of the copyright holder or its affiliates, or any
other party who modifies and/or conveys the Program may be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission.  The origin of the Program must not
be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original
Program.  Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and
must not be misrepresented as being the original Program.

6. INDEMNIFICATION.

IF YOU CONVEY A COVERED WORK AND AGREE WITH ANY RECIPIENT OF THAT
COVERED WORK THAT YOU WILL ASSUME ANY LIABILITY FOR THAT COVERED WORK,
YOU HEREBY AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS THE OTHER
LICENSORS AND AUTHORS OF THAT COVERED WORK FOR ANY DAMAGES, DEMANDS,
CLAIMS, LOSSES, CAUSES OF ACTION, LAWSUITS, JUDGMENTS EXPENSES
(INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES AND EXPENSES)
OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY ARISING FROM, RELATED TO OR IN CONNECTION WITH
YOUR ASSUMPTIONS OF LIABILITY.


Additional permissions under GNU GPL version 3 section 7

If you modify this Program, or any covered work, by linking or
combining it with OpenSSL (or a modified version of that library),
containing parts covered by the terms of the OpenSSL license, the
licensors of this Program grant you additional permission to convey
the resulting work.  For modified versions of OpenSSL, Corresponding
Source for a non-source form of such a combination shall include the
source code for the modified OpenSSL used as well as that of the
covered work.

If you modify this Program, or any covered work, by linking or
combining it with LibreSSL (or a modified version of that library),
containing parts covered by the terms of the LibreSSL license, the
licensors of this Program grant you additional permission to convey
the resulting work.  For modified versions of LibreSSL, Corresponding
Source for a non-source form of such a combination shall include the
source code for the modified LibreSSL used as well as that of the
covered work.

